Stupid damn food, I want a pizza. Look,
uh, [ambulance noise] I'm here
cue-2
with Maritza. Look, I'm laughing my ass
off. We do it well because this is like
cue-3
the breeze when it hits you in the morning.
Look, I'll tell you what I don't do this week. My
cue-4
soul emanates with the rap that I drop. Look,
I go in the Bboy's area. I'm still doing it
cue-5
today. Look, I'll tell you that I'm here all
the way up, with Edín. Know that I do it
cue-6
until the end. Look, I'm going to tell you
that I don't fall like Cain. Velázquez, my style,
cue-7
you get stuck so you can chew it. I'm
Jordan in basketball. Look, ask yourself,
cue-8
question yourself, delight yourself, meditate.
Look, I'll tell you to recite the style I give you
cue-9
like a tea. I reconnected it, that's what
I know. It's the MC's art so you can see what's
cue-10
up. Look, I started since I was thirteen,
sometimes saying nonsense. Look, I used to win
cue-11
championships in Cipreses. Here with my
friend I return, I'm the obsessed one, the one who goes overboard
cue-12
with verses. I'm the one who does it in
this universe, I converse with myself. I'm not
cue-13
egocentrism, I'm selfishness in person.
This is rap in the zone.
cue-14
And it continues
cue-15
already, and this is poetry, get rid of
all the bitterness. We come here to speak with
cue-16
sanity. This is the nomenclature, they know
I do it with culture until the
cue-17
grave. It's a literature,
cue-18
that one that is purer
cue-19
like electrocure,
cue-20
look, it always comes hard, that's it. It's
the shade, I'm the slip.
cue-21
Maybe sometimes I cause tears like an
actress, but I come to tell you that like
cue-22
Tarantino, I give you a scare. I am the
Bboy, I do it even in style. Look,
cue-23
I come and live on the edge. They know I
come by a thread. Look, I'll tell you that I come and
cue-24
profile myself with a fine focus
[ambulance noise]. While the beat finishes,
cue-25
I am the activist so you don't resist. I
come in this freestyle, I'm the
cue-26
tightrope walker. They already know that I
don't maneuver, I come to tell you that I don't look down
cue-27
on anyone. I simply give them my hand.
Look, brother, I'll tell you that in this,
cue-28
I change, I transmute, I execute, I'm Lex
Luthor. Maybe in the style that I'll tell you,
cue-29
that I come on the sly, that apprentice that
I always was, that's why I never change. I come
cue-30
to tell you that I never feel like a wise man.
cue-31
I learn at any time. Look, I reflect
on my vocabulary, my mind,
cue-32
my eloquent style, extravagant, sometimes
elegant, sometimes the radiant one.
cue-33
What this mutant does, I come to tell you
that it is always the persistent one among so many
cue-34
people, my rap suddenly does it to be the
most excellent. I seek excellence
cue-35
also with decency. Look, I'm on that
frequency, I don't know if you understand, I am
cue-36
the sequence, I'm the damn science.
I advance, look, I never rest, I'm going to
cue-37
tell you that I've never been meek, I simply
come and exalt everything, I don't walk
cue-38
barefoot, you know I'm not a fake, I come
to tell you that I bear witness, sometimes
cue-39
they even tell me I talk to demons, but
no, I'm in the
cue-40
pandemonium. Look, I come to tell you that
I'm the master of ceremonies in this
cue-41
harmony, who would have thought? That Bidek
cue-42
would live off of the damn poetry.
cue-43
I'm going to tell you it's
cue-44
my journey to do it every damn day, to
be who I am. Look, I'm going to tell you
cue-45
that I do it until this day,
representing myself. Look, I come to tell you
cue-46
that I do it well, my name is Daniel. Look,
I'm going to tell you that I represent the free, I
cue-47
don't represent Mexico as if it were the
PRI, I represent with its culture, with the
cue-48
people who have the sweetness to say
good morning. This is rap, look at the
cue-49
joys that I tell you every damn day while
I pass it to my friend, this
cue-50
is rap so you can fight for what you
achieve.
cue-51
[murmuring]
cue-52
[laughter, background beat]
cue-53
Yeah, like poetry
cue-54
that's how it is, building revolution. I
came to drop some flow, I came accompanied here with
cue-55
my flavor, that's why I have the street
under pressure. Blessed be the
cue-56
inspiration here, ah, that she threw to me,
the street embraced me and so now no one
cue-57
raps like me.
cue-58
It's not that I come to imitate, but I
really must be real now, I can't compare myself,
cue-59
that's why I connect every day. Nature
had to guide me now, ah, it
cue-60
had to throw me, gravity holds me, that's
why nature also entertains me.
cue-61
Ah, a lot of worldview, ah, everyone wants
a lot of enlightenment,
cue-62
knowledge, description, how was it that
everything was created, everyone talks about the
cue-63
humanity, how did everything begin. Ah,
well, life is like that, that I would also
cue-64
wonder. Philosophy, the one I would find
here, every day in my
cue-65
line. We don't stop here to improvise,
inside I feel like magic,
cue-66
it starts to conspire with me. It is then
when knowledge begins to intertwine here,
cue-67
well, the good stuff now, but look, it's
like this.
cue-68
Here with my friend "el Botas" (Boots).
cue-69
Yes, this is for the crew, with Miguel, with
Edín. Look, we do it until the
cue-70
end. Yes, look, I'll tell you I'm like the
angel Seraphim. Yes, if I am the
cue-71
synthesis, I am the emphasis, I am the one
who leaves you paralyzed, in the previous
cue-72
analysis. Yes, if there is no crisis.
Rather in this I never declined. I am the
cue-73
style and the shade. I am the planting and
the root. I am the style that comes from the
cue-74
Land of Corn (Tierra de Maíz). Rastafarai
in any zone. This rhythm that comes and
cue-75
excites you. While my friend Luca takes
it, joke. I'm going to tell you I'm Diego
cue-76
Armando Maradona on the field. I'm at my
ease. Look while they serve him in the
cue-77
glass. I come and review here what the
path of my life has been. Rap and hip
cue-78
hop was my only way out. And who would have
thought that I do it cool. Look, I come now with my
cue-79
friends. Look, I'll tell you that I do it
exhibited. I do it live. Look, I'll tell you
cue-80
that to hallucinate, to always arrive here
until the end. To radiate the good
cue-81
vibe. Look, that which balances me like a
Libra. I weigh like fifteen hundred pounds. I
cue-82
am like Ibrahimovic. And I'll tell you that
we do it in the flow. Look, I come with this
cue-83
show. Doing it with the beat, the bembó.
Look, Bidek is coming. Raising the level
cue-84
for everyone. This is rap. I am a
reference. They already know that I always sound
cue-85
excellent. They tell me to moderate my way
of speaking, of living. I tell them to go
cue-86
to hell. This is rap. I am a mess.
Foremost,
cue-87
I have never been a coward. And I pass it to
my sister while we come smoking
cue-88
the whole branch. I am Bob Marley all week
and I like to smoke
cue-89
-marijuana.
-[instrumental music].
cue-90
I smoke marijuana
cue-91
to keep my soul more purified every day.
Well relaxed, at
cue-92
this moment, I keep myself enlightened.
A lot of inspiration. Nature was the one
cue-93
that guided me. So it received me on Mount
Breakfast. It was, it was, it was, it was, it was
cue-94
that to me too, it was that it chose me.
Today I'm still singing here.
cue-95
That's how it is. I gave a lot of anthems
to the neighborhood. They know me as I
cue-96
have started. That's why it has also
awakened me. In this society they can't
cue-97
accept me. I come against this system.
Babylon has to listen to me.
cue-98
That's why when I drop rhymes, they can
censor me. It comes
cue-99
against.
cue-100
Nice! [laughs] Oh!
cue-101
-It sounds really cool.
-It's the first one. Ay! Ye, ye, ye, ye.
cue-102
Ye, ye, ye, ye.